hey folks matt from art of the image
comm so we've got the nikon d610 out now
the update to the nikon d600 and
basically it's a pretty minor update to
the 600 my feeling basically is is that
Nikon kind of dropped the ball or got a
problem and they've since corrected it
by bringing out the 610 the update
normally you see a much longer life
cycle on these cameras and we're only
thirteen months before we got a
replacement for the 600 and it's the 610
great cameras but the 610 had an
inherent problem where it was basically
shredding parts of its shutter in
operation putting particles into there
and causing dust bunnies and all sorts
of nonsense on the sensor so we're
having a lot of problems with spots and
dust and pieces of particle it from the
shutter on the sensor so probably not
great on to nikons credit or anything
why they didn't address this problem
better really if you have a 600 Nikon
should probably give you a d610 for free
because it's an inherent problem and it
really wasn't taken care of very well
but heads now we have the Nikon d610 and
here it is and we've got some updates
obviously the shutter is one of them as
I said it's a minor update to 6/10 over
the 600 but there's basically four
updates for reasons you might want to
get the 610 over the 600 and as I said
honestly I think Nikon anybody that's
bought six hundred pretty much almost as
Otis 610 from Nikon probably not going
to happen but I would be very
disappointed having a 600 and knowing
that this basically the shutter problem
is this much of an issue and seeing how
they've they've dealt with this here so
anyways we've got four reasons obviously
first and foremost is a new shutter
mechanism mechanism so that's obviously
very important since we had such issues
with the d600 is that hopefully this
shutter mechanism has resolved
everything
it's no longer problem so you're gonna
want the camera basically for that
reason alone hence why I also say you
know it's something would have been nice
if Nikon just said hey you want to do
600 we want to give you a 6/10 number
two faster frame rate of six frames per
second so we had five point five on the
600 so at a very nominal frame rate you
almost wonder if you can play with the
numbers to get half a frame second there
anyways it is on paper a faster frame
rate number three new and improved auto
white balance now I have heard from some
people that this is indeed a better and
improved auto white balance so that's
always welcome although I don't think
the 600 was terrible per se anyways but
we'll give it as a third point and then
the fourth point is we have this new
quiet continuous shooting mode so this
is kind of interesting and myself I
don't know how well that's going to the
pan out it's a new feature it's designed
to work at three frames per second so
we'll see if people are finding that
advantageous we'll see if it actually
ends up working the way it's supposed to
or if it's just one of those features
that you don't ever use on a camera so
those are four things one biggie
and that's the new shutter mechanism the
rest of them minor things kind of just
probably thrown in there that you know
we're always worried if we're going to
put it a new body to address an issue
let's put as many little tweaks as we
can in there but that's four points why
you might want to upgrade your 600 your
d600 to the new Nikon d610 thanks for
tuning in folks let me know down below
what you think of of nikons release of
the 610 how they've handled the issues
with the 600 and let's hear from you
thanks for tuning in we'll be back soon
some new videos some new articles we'll
keep up to date with what's going on in
the world of photography right here at
our to the image calm thanks a lot folks
you